okay we'll go ahead and start the Open
session of our meeting before we do we
got a few things to take care of so bear
with me just a minute first of all we
need a roll call please Mr Burton here
Mr Fitzgerald president Mr Henderson M
Merck Mr Mills here Mr Moon pres Mr dos
present um I have a motion to reconvene
and certify closed action items
please we move ion any
discussion roll call please Mr Burton Mr
Fitzgerald Mr Henderson M Meritt Mr Ms
yes Mr Moon I Mr dos i motion from close
please miss ancock we have a motion to
approve the release from compulsory
attendance for 14 students based on
religious exemption I'll make a motion
second second any
discussion roll call please Mr Burton I
Mr Fitzgerald I Mr Henderson i m Mars Mr
Mills yes Mr Moon I Mr dos we have a
motion to dismiss a classified staff
member as discussed so move second any
discussion roll call please Mr Burton Mr
Fitzgerald Mr Henderson M marck hi Mr
Mills yes Mr Moon I Mr DS I and we have
a motion to approve the Personnel
changes for September 12 2023 as
presented some move
second any discussion
roll call please Mr Burton Mr Fitzgerald
Mr Henderson M Merck Mr Mills yes Mr
Moon I Mr dos i that's all it okay
that's all the items from closed I want
to welcome each of y'all here tonight we
got a few students to recognize in a few
minutes but for those that are here I
appreciate you coming for those online
watching we appreciate yall doing um I
do want to take just a minute to thank
all of the employees of Pennsylvania
County schools for a great school
opening this year when we're here last
month school was going to open the next
day so it's it's been I think a very
good opening to the 23 24 school year I
think we've gotten off to a really good
start it's been a little warm but cool
ass coming um so again I want to thank
all of y'all for being here do we have
any additions to the agenda Dr Jon no
sir okay I have a motion to approve the
agenda so
move second second get any
discussion roll call please Mr Burton Mr
fitzerald Mr Henderson M mck Mr Mills
yes Mr Moon I Mr dos i public all right
it is what time you got 703 7:03 we're
going to open the public hearing to
solicit public comment on the
comprehensive plan has anybody signed up
no one has signed up does any did did
anybody not know that would like to sign
up real quick to speak on the
comprehensive
plan okay if not I'm going to close the
public
hearing 703 703 that was quick wasn't
it okay uh consent agenda
[Applause]
please ation approve okay have a motion
second I Motion in the second on the
consent agenda are there any questions
on any of the four items on the consent
agenda if not roll call please Mr Burton
Mr Fitzgerald Mr Henderson M marck Mr Ms
yes Mr Moon I Mr do I now we're going to
recognize our students and public
presentations Miss Petty you got some
students to
recognize which board members do you
need Miss
paty element Breton Elementary
okay
chairman do school board members Dr
Jones I'm very pleased to recognize
students this
evening we will begin with Greta
Elementary
School principal Paula Cox assistant
principal Jessica and Andrews and I'd
also like to acknowledge the presence of
Mr Todd CE director of Elementary
education who's joining us and Mrs
Brenda Dawson director of assessment and
accountability first we'll recognize
Chloe
Walker
[Applause]
yes this certificate of excellence is
presented to Khloe Walker in recognition
and appreciation for outstanding
achievement for placing fifth in
recyclable art at the National Junior
Beta convention on the 12th of September
by the Pennsylvania County School Board
School board chairman Calvin Doss and
School Board Vice chairman Kelly
marck congratulations
[Music]
[Applause]
Chloe
[Music]
congratulations next we will recognize
perfect so scores the first school is HT
elementary
school during the 2223 school year
Pennsylvania county administered 17,4 48
so tests in addition 250 aligned so
tests were administered for a total of
17,6 58 State assessments during the
2223 school year there were 99 perfect
so scores there were 43 perfect scores
on aligned so test there were seven
students assessed with aligned so tests
who made perfect scores on all
so assessments students recognized
tonight distinguish themselves as being
in the population of less than 1% of
students receiving perfect scores on all
required tests for the grade level from
her Elementary
School principal Jordan
Parker the first student I'd like to
recognize Payton
deal
[Music]
[Applause]
I will read the first certificate you
may stand right
there this certificate of excellence is
presented to pton deal in recognition
and appreciation for outstanding
achievement for perfect scores on all
Virginia assessments during the 2223
school year granted this 12th day of
September 202 three by the Pennsylvania
County School Board Calvin do School
board chairman Kelly Merrick School
Board Vice chair congratulations
conratulations
[Applause]
[Music]
congratulations
[Applause]
[Music]
pton our next recognitions are Stony
Mill Elementary
School Kim haymore principal Angela
Adams assistant
principal the student being recognized
is Peyton
LAX
[Applause]
down that
way
T TN
congratulations to
P next T Twin Springs Elementary
School principal Stacy Harville
assistant principal Heather
Langford
from Twin Springs Elementary heaven
[Applause]
[Music]
doson
congratulations
[Music]
Heaven from Dan River Middle
School principal Chris Nick assistant
principal Lauren
bun
Kalani
[Applause]
[Music]
Williams
congratulations
colani from Dan River High
School
principal Joshua
boock assistant principal Franklin
Ferguson and Jonathan
Fain and we also have Miss Elizabeth
Craig director of secondary education
present Timothy
Hedrick Madison
[Applause]
hulum
[Music]
conat congratulations
Madison nja
Royal congratulations to all of our
students who earn perfect so scores all
assessments thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
get this
C our next presentation is tum High
School
the student being recognized is Dakota
[Applause]
[Music]
younger this certificate of excellence
is presented to Dakota younger in
recognition and appreciation for
outstanding achievement for receiving
the college board's National Rural and
small town award granted this 12th day
of September 2023 by the Pennsylvania
County School Board cind dos chairman
Kelly Merck's Vice chair
[Applause]
congratulations
all's
read
yeah we're going to do the you you want
to announce you want me too we're going
to do next we're going to recognize the
Pennsylvania county educator of the year
for us I'm have Miss Petty read
it you okay chairman doth school board
members Dr Jones it is my pleasure to
recognize the
20203 Pennsylvania County Schools
educator of the Year Mrs Tara Stafford
would you please come
[Applause]
[Music]
forward Mr Jason Reese
principal Mrs Stafford has been a
teacher for 18 years and has been
employed by Pennsylvania County schools
for all eight years she started her
teaching career at Dan River Middle
School where she taught seventh grade
life science for 16 years and was
recognized as educated the year twice
during the TW
200920 school year and the
201829 school year during the
201829 school year Mrs Stafford was also
recognized as the Pennsylvania County
Schools educator of the year and she
received the regional excellence and
education award Mrs Stafford has begun
her 19th year in education and third
year teaching biology at chadam high
school under the leadership of Mr Jason
Reese on behalf of the Pennsylvania
County School Board and Dr Jones I
present this beautiful engraved watch
with the Pennsylvania County Schools
logo for your outstanding
accomplishments as an exemplary teacher
in our school division congratulations
Miss
[Applause]
[Music]
Stafford
[Applause]
come
back you can come
[Music]
back
thank
you what's
next okay up next we have our CCT the
word of the month trustworthiness Mr
Hernandez from chadam high school
welcome good
evening good evening chairman dos Dr
Jones and members of the Pennsylvania
County School Board today as we
exemplify the character word of
September I invite you to Journey Back
to the early 19th century the time of
America's youth here we find an
extraordinary historical account that
underscores the Paramount importance of
trustworthiness during challenging times
in the year 1804 the United States was a
nent nation grappling with profound
political and social changes it was in
this Dynamic era that two prominent
figures emerged Alexander Hamilton a
founding father and the nation's first
Secretary of the Treasury Aaron Burr and
the former Vice President of the United
States their contentious relationship
culminated in a notorious and Fateful
event on July 11th 1804 the these two
adversaries found themselves on the
Dueling Grounds of wehawken New Jersey
with loaded pistols poised to settle
their differences in a lethal
confrontation the world held its
Collective breath as the triggers were
pulled and the shots reverberated
through history Hamilton was grievously
wounded and succumbed to his injuries
the following day in this pivotal moment
we witness a tangible manifestation of
trustworthiness trustworthiness defined
as the unwavering commitment to honesty
integrity and transparency took center
stage on that fateful
day this fruition of honesty does not
come from those in contest however in
fact the ones acting as witnesses to
this fateful duel illuminate The
Narrative of trustworthiness in this
historical episode one of Hamilton's
seconds Nathaniel Pendleton and one of
bur's seconds William P vaness were
present at the scene despite their
bitter rivalry between their principles
peton and Van Ness demonstrated
exceptional integrity and
trustworthiness in the aftermath of the
duel in a different context Pendleton
and vaness could have opted to obscure
the truth or manipulate the facts to
Shield their respective principles from
the consequences of their actions
instead they chose a path of unwavering
trustworthiness embodying the very
definition of the term an unwavering
commitment to honesty integrity and
transparency they collaboratively
crafted an account of the
events accurately conveying that
Hamilton's shot had been aimed into the
air not at Burr while bur shot
intentionally missed Hamilton their
unified commitment to truth and
transparency had a profound effect on
the nation's perception of the duel and
its
participants this act of trustworthiness
prevented the escalation of hostilities
ultimately contributing to the nation's
stability during a pivotal period in its
history while bur faced legal
ramifications for his role in The Duel
the United States was spared from a
protracted period of political turmoil
and strike in this historical narrative
we witnessed the transformative power of
trustworthiness a quality that extends
Beyond individual virtues to influence
the course of
Nations as we reflect on this historical
account may we draw inspiration from the
exemplary conduct of Nathaniel Pendleton
and William P vaness who in a moment of
Crisis upheld the principles of
Integrity over expedience thereby
leaving an indelible mark on the destiny
of their fledgling
Nation as the month of September
progresses I implore you to implement
Trust worthiness as a habit if you
haven't done so already while the
outcomes of your integrity may not be as
fruitful as those of Pendleton and
vaness you never know to which extent
your honesty affects those around you
thank
you thank you Mr
nandez next on the agenda is pea Dr
Jones I see you sitting back there I
always say the other Dr Jones
right
I'm doing good hope you
are
Tuesday and good evening to you sir Dr
Jones uh School Board memb central
office staff um and everybody in the
audience and those that are watching
online good evening good evening good
evening I do want to Echo you Mr Doss uh
and say congratulations to our students
on their hard-earned achievements as
well as congratulations to my colleague
Miss Tera yay go we're proud of you um
with that being said it's really good to
celebrate the positivity and the things
are going well um and it was awesome to
stay in here last month and talk about
really the great energy and to see how
that continues to carry on with the
change of our six weeks to nine weeks I
don't think people have actually felt
the difference um matter of fact I think
we're more engaged in instruction and I
think that's really cool um I don't know
what about y'all can yall tell the
difference see like FL out awesome
change so thank you for that um one of
the other things that I wanted to
highlight tonight is a big change so
over the past I don't know 9 12 months
there's been this thing looming over us
called the budget yay so I do want to
focus a little bit on the budget that
was recently passed by our Virginia
General Assembly and just look at a few
highlights um of things that you know we
know there's work that still needs needs
to be done but then ask what does this
current work look like and how does it
impact us as a school division now and
for the future so there were very
meaningful new Investments made in this
budget especially in the partial lifting
of some Great Recession era Cuts this
budget keeps us around the 2008 levels
of State support per student and much
work remains for lawmakers in future
budgets so being able able to
communicate that information is vital as
we're about to roll into the next budget
session in October and what do those uh
funding pieces look like for school
divisions though yeah you just got money
but really what does that money go to
and and how much more needs to be
invested so we need permanent funding to
stem the teacher shortage which all of
us are fully aware of it's not just a
Pennsylvania county issue it's not a
Commonwealth of Virginia issue it's a
national issue um we also need to get
health support in all of our schools uh
across the school divisions and the
Commonwealth I know Pennsylvania county
strives to do that um but what else can
be done and provide the small group
tutoring we all know our students
desperate need to catch up uh from coid
19 I know last year when we stayed in
school when there was additional days at
the end people are like why it's to
provide that instruction to help our
students to make sure that they gain the
achievements that we want to celebrate
like what we saw here this this evening
um and then how do we do that moving
forward when we know that we have gaps
in the instruction in the classroom so
further Virginia teacher pay has wasted
away to inflation over the past few
years and this year State investment of
a 5% increase in the first half of a
school year and then a 7% increase in
the second half still leaves us far
behind prepandemic average levels of pay
we can't begin to stem our teacher
shortage and Ain our best and our
brightest if we continue to pay our
teachers less and less moving farther
and farther away from the national
average and that national average is a
disparity depending on what part of the
ZIP code that you stand in in the
Commonwealth of Virginia it would take
around an 8% State increase next year to
get to the national teacher pay average
for the Commonwealth of Virginia
indicating us as a county would be
somewhere between 12 and 14 and a half%
understand if we want our students to
have highly qualified teachers in every
classroom we need Bolder investments in
the next budget too at a minimum get us
to a national teacher pay average so we
know that we can retain those best and
those brightest that we're always
looking for now the budget does do some
good things it gets us much closer to
lifting the arbitrary and much deeply
harmful cap the state placed on school
support staff during the budget
shortfall during the Great Recession
an entire generation of students have
now gone through their entire K12
experience in Virginia Living with less
classroom and school support and
teachers who are more burnt out than
ever trying to fill in the gaps and so
are our essential support professionals
and Personnel nearly everyone agrees
this Great Recession air Relic has to go
and we made meaningful progress this
year but we cannot hope we must achieve
for greater in the upcoming year so
further lawmakers must come together and
finish this job in 2024 to fully lift
the cap on support
positions lastly the new flexible
funding that remains available through
June
2026 will help School divisions such as
ours as a one time Federal pandemic
relief dries up a year from now in
September of
2024 however this funding likely will
not be able to accomplish its goal of
seriously attending to learning loss and
New Student needs and the ever Rising
challenges that we face in and out of
the classroom and society as a whole
that's because it's only one time and as
a School Division when you're already
having many challenges finding tutors
and mental health staff willing to work
on temporary contracts if it possible to
this end The Limited nature of one-time
funding means it it will only act as a
Band-Aid not a
solution we must as a whole make
long-term reoccurring investments in our
schools in order to retain our status
amongst some of the best ranked school
systems in the country and Virginia sits
near the top and so does our School
Division within the
Commonwealth again there is still work
to be done and you cannot rest upon your
laurels and these changes that were made
to the budget and the Visions for for at
momentum what does that look like in our
school division now and for the future
thank
[Applause]
you Miss Patty can you come in just a
second please thank you Dr Jones yeah I
need you just a second
please hang on just a minute bear with
me
please
okay that's B it
feels okay
we're going to back up just a second I
think we got a couple more students that
I think was the last second add
it you just come Mr bton it's going to
be chadam high
school sorry about that we do not have
the certificates but we will get
them
yes thank you Mr re
back
good evening again there was a small
oversight and I do apologize but there
are two students who we are going to
recognize that were not on my list but
we never want to overlook a student and
we have two students from chadam high
school who received the college boards
National Rural and small town award the
college College Board National
recognition programs award academic
honors to sophomores and juniors who
take eligible administration of the AP
PSAT
nmsqt or PSAT 10 exams and have a GPA of
3.5 or higher these programs celebrate
students hard work in high school and
showcase their strong academic
performance so at this time I am very
pleased to recognize also from chadam
high school John David tart would you
please come
[Applause]
[Music]
forward
we're good we're good we're
good congratulations John David
[Music]
[Applause]
toart
our next student to recognize is also
from chadam High School Morgan
[Music]
[Applause]
vanderhye
congratulations to Morgan vanderheide
and also again congratulations Dakota
younger John David tuart and Morgan
vanderheide and thank you parents and
grandparents for being here to support
your
students
thank y'all for being here tonight sorry
for the
confusion a little
bit
okay does anybody have any questions or
comments on the staff or the committee
reports that's at your desk I believe it
was five of them anybody have any
questions no one have any questions not
I'm going move on to the
superintendent's
report yes sir Mr dson School members I
have just a few things to share with you
this evening uh first at your Places
You'll see a stem
brochure I'd like to kind of highlight
some of the items on there for you uh
this is our ninth and 10th grade
students a program that began last year
as a halfe program and this year is a
ful year program for our n9th and tth
graders selected students uh we offer
Advanced
manufacturing and now in those classes
our students students are learning to
weld they're learning lean manufacturing
principles and our health and medical
Sciences course the students are
learning about the history of healthc
care and Research Medical discoveries of
inventions and agencies that regulate
Healthcare of the healthcare industry
the students have begun to deconstruct
medical terms from Greek and
Latin uh they've also are learning uh
basic anatomy ter terminology the
environmental science students took a
field trip to the water treatment plant
in chadam and have compared water
samples they have tested pH chlorine
bacteria lead water Metals pesticides
nitrates and nitrites phosphates
hydrogen sulfide and
alkalinity and and in the biology class
they took a field trip to the Institute
and they're studying a cell
structure also last week and some of you
all were a part of and came to the
Rachel challenge event at our high
schools and middle schools and I would
like to ask Dr Robin haymore if she can
come share with us a little bit about
those u u assembly programs she is the
one who coordinated that for the school
division happy to Dr Jones thank you and
thank you board members for letting me
speak very
briefly I saw a lot of y'all there last
week what a fantastic week it was this
is actually our second year implementing
Rachel's Challenge and just very quickly
if you're new to it if you're zooming in
from uh the community and want a little
overview Rachel's Challenge is a school
program inspired by the life and
writings of Rachel Scott she was the
first victim of the 1999 Coline high
school
shooting now after her death Rachel's
parents actually founded the nonprofit
Rachel's Challenge and continues to
promote her message of kindness and
compassion
compassion students that participated in
the Rachel's Challenge piece and I'll
talk a little bit about that because
it's a little different this
year what they were doing was accepting
the following challenge these five
tenants you're looking for the best in
others always dream big and in fact
they're very explicit about is to write
those goals down choose positive
influences and to be a positive
influence to others speak with kindness
and finally to start your own chain
reaction of kindness in their schools
and
communities so this year we had things a
little bit different the high schoolers
last year who saw Rachel's Challenge had
an opportunity to participate in the
Rachel's Legacy portion of that program
and in fact if your high school two
tenants were added to your challenge
learning from your mistakes the
importance of learning from your mist
mistakes and forgiving yourself and
forgiving others again those were
included our 7th eighth and Ninth Grade
group was able to participate in
Rachel's Challenge and our sixth graders
was new it for the Middle School this
year participated in Rachel's story so
we also ensure that what the children
were seeing were also developmentally
appropriate for them as
well um I'm going to kick it here in a
minute to um our Representatives our
Schoolboard Representatives I gave them
30 seconds to come up with a couple
bullet points and they're going to nail
it but I I wanted to include two of the
things very quickly the afternoon
sessions we had an opportunity to do
training with a um with the selection of
student across the student body 100 is
what they recommended to help form the
friends of Rachel or four kindness clubs
now during the
presentations if someone was really
moved by it and wanted to be a part of
that club they could join it in the
afternoon and I I I attended as many as
I could and I can tell you we had a lot
of students that in that moment wanted
to be a part of that and the training in
the afternoon board members was
absolutely
extraordinary not only were the children
learning pieces and parts of the
Rachel's Challenge program but they were
actually learning skills while they were
going through it learning how to
introduce each other learning how to
work together as a team what they
thought some of those compassion
projects might look like across their
schools so the beauty of that piece is
when whenever we're talking about
programming and I heard it here tonight
sustainability is
essential so one thing we we wanted to
make sure we did was also include
kindness clubs in our peace
um any thoughts from our student
Representatives that would like to jump
in and uce yourself honey where you from
hi you're from
where
okay oh I love it the newspaper is
already on it great job hie thank you
others anybody else want to
share
we might need this yeah their mic's a
little hold on honey we're going to help
with
that okay there you go um Rachel's
Challenge it it um encouraged us to
promote kindness in all areas of our
lives and it really left my school with
an energy of I want to do better I want
to learn from my mistakes I want to
forgive others and it was really an
emotional story that impacted us
I'm anarie Mays and I'm from Dan River
High School um I believe that the
Rachel's Challenge um really helped put
in perspective for students how much of
an impact their kindness can have on
others and how much of an impact their
actions can um take on others um it
pushed them to be a little bit Kinder a
little bit softer to those that they may
have once been read rather rash with um
but overall I think it had an amazing
effect I'm Tristan Hernandez from chadam
high school and I think that Rachel's
Challenge by using like the stepbystep
called that action it was really
effective at persuading individuals to
pursue kindness in their everyday
life thank you y'all were very brave
that was wonderful board members anybody
want to add before I close real quickly
how many board members got to see it I
went M Merck went Mr
Henderson let me say this if I might uh
very moving very moving you had to be
touched by that if you if you uh weren't
then you're trying to light wet wood but
Rachel had a premonition that she would
not live to be an old person she had a
lot of writings a lot of poems uh that
she wrote prior to her death and I think
uh I would challenge everybody anybody
that hasn't seen it please go on I
Believe YouTube can you find it on
YouTube is that correct yes sir you can
you can go on YouTube and and and look
at the video and and you will be blessed
by what you hear and by what you see she
just it was amazing kudos to you guys
for setting this up making it available
to us Dr Jones and and Dr
um thank you sir hey Mo hey Mo I'm
looking at you and I'm thinking of
Richard I said okay what's Richard's
last name thank you I get that a lot
thank you sir I appreciate it any other
comments anybody else quickly well I
would like to say thank you for bringing
it to the schools especially opening up
to sixth grade and of this year um these
students need to see that there's more
than just what they're learning in a
classroom and they need to be able to
apply it and I think this definitely did
that so thank you wonderful I will add
yeah Middle School great impact I've had
questions from principles about
elementary we're going to talk a little
bit about that there's a fourth and
fifth grade component to it um anyways
I'll close with this we're coming back
in January so stay tuned for more we'll
have a chain reaction day I think it's
the third weekend in January and in
talking with our level directors we're
going to be doing some training leading
up to that with the schools to get that
full impact also our four clubs uh we're
hoping to do some shout outs on Facebook
and social media about some of those
compassion projects that they're working
on in the near future so anything else I
just want to say one thing I did get to
go and I was going to say George George
said everything I was going to say right
but in one word moving was it very very
moving um I've already heard of some
students posting on lockers of new
students so it's already had an
impact so it it's I I think it's great
I'm I'm glad y'all found it I'm glad you
brought it very good I hope you continue
to do it every student everybody needs
to see it they really do well I I thank
Dr Jones for that opportunity and we're
happy to continue it so thank you for
letting me share nice work y'all thank
you Miss H Dr hym
rather all right Dr Mr Dawson and school
members um I was very fortunate on on
Monday to be at Dan River Middle School
I think Mr Fitzgerald was there as well
uh I'm moving and Mr henerson Mr well
moving uh uh presentation done by by Mr
nick uh Miss bun and uh Mr glass a nice
U assembly program uh in recognition of
our First Responders and those who've
served in the military um around 9111
just just outstanding very touching we
had several staff members who were there
and participated in that along with some
students in his student body um and the
First Responders from that area and
retired and active members of our
service so I appreciate this see Mr Nick
in the back thank you for that and I
know across the county we had numerous
of activities going on as far as
assemblies and in classrooms I know that
Mr Moon from Greta High School sent some
art pictures of art that his that that
were that was done in a art classroom in
his school uh that was very very
touching as well so I know I see Mrs
in the back I see other principls
here I know things took place in our
buildings on Monday in recognition of
that also we talked about earlier in our
work session our Middle School sports
and like to provide an update uh to our
our audience here as well as our
audience onl on online with us right
right now our volleyball is underway
we're well into the season it began the
last week in August of all the equipment
has arrived all un every all our teams
are suited in new uniforms our teams
look very good uh Mr Hudson and his
group and maintenance have installed
inserts in our High School uh gym floors
uh that allow us to have more teams
practicing at one
time we will meet with our Middle School
principes on to talk about basketball
that's the next sport that's being
offered this year and then Mr Scott Mr H
Hudson and I have met uh regarding plans
for next year uh we're looking at Field
improvements um and we'll have those to
the building Committee in October and
then an update for the full board in
November also next on your in your
packet or upcoming VB vsba
conferences uh September the 21st is the
legisl ative advocacy conference U
November the 15th is the school board
Representatives workshop and then the
annual convention is on November the 15
through 17th for board
members um also next if you'll look in
your packet the legislative breakfast
we're asking you all at this time to let
Mrs Hancock know your preference between
October the 20th and October the 27th
they're both Fridays so if if you want
to p know tonight yeah if we can know
tonight would you like it right now or
just afterwards right now would be great
yall anybody have a preference day that
doesn't
work September
October October 20th and 27th can I make
a motion we do it on October
20th you're good it looks like
everybody's okay with everybody try the
20th as y'all know it got we had it
scheduled and it got moved because they
were called back to the general assembly
to vote on our budget by the way which
was a good
thing okay Dr John thank you yeah couple
other items here i' like to thank a
university and Dr Franks for hosting a
luncheon this past Saturday uh she
recognized Aver alumni who were teachers
of the Year during
2223 also like to thank Mrs pett and Mrs
Dawson who's sitting in the back there
uh they provided a a copy of the
standards of learning for you all hot
off the press this afternoon that
information comes in it's a lot of data
uh Miss dson Miss Petty pulled that
together those reports are there if you
read the newspaper over the weekend if
you look at our scores we continue to be
above the state average and it speaks
volumes of what your support your
leadership as a school board the work
that's being done in our schools by our
teachers our principles our support
people as well as our instructional team
just a lot of hard work goes into that
every year and once we get the data we
begin looking at what we can do to
improve for this year so that our scores
look even better for next year and again
I I just thank our the hard work of our
staff uh that's that continues to this
day is it began many years ago
um also I think that's all I had this
evening so this time Mr D I'll turn it
back over to you all righty thank you Dr
Jones um no unfinished business we're
going to move on to new business um we
need to reschedule the November school
board meeting to Monday from Tuesday Dr
Jones and the students need to leave
Tuesday going to Williamsburg the day
early they need to be down there can I
have a motion to move that meeting from
Tuesday to Monday I make a motion we
move it to Monday T night
second
second okay thank um any other
discussion on it questions roll call
please Mr Burton hi Mr Fitzgerald Mr
Henderson M marck Mr Mills yes Mr Moon
hi Mr dolls uh we were hoping to have
some budget updates tonight but
unfortunately we still have not gotten
the Govern hasn't signed a budget by the
way yet um we hope that's going to
happen in the next few days it's
supposed to um there's no reason to
believe it won't so right now we do not
have what we're going to get we don't
have a language and all the things that
go with it so not prepared to tell you
what exactly what we're going to have we
do know that some of it starts in
January that they the state does what
the state loves to do instead of giving
you money for the whole year they give
it to you for half a year but they get
to claim it for the whole year right so
we'll know more when we get that
information and hopefully next meeting
we'll have a bunch of updates for you
concerning the budget um we also at this
time we need to pass
a do we need to have it as a motion to
do the architectural work for us okay
the architectural services for the new
vestibules and connecting corridors Mr
Scott has put in your packet what he
thinks it'll be Mr tson you need to
speak on it yes
sir met with dubery last week and just
did a preliminary look into what we're
doing and I'm pushing them I guess for
number a little quick she sent me a an
update on their C on duberry's cost for
the project it's a $2.5 million
estimated budget for the project I we're
doing bests at 14 Schools similar to the
high schools but because the layout of
schools there will be several different
designs to delay out in each school and
then it connected corridors to the gym
but the update she sent me this
afternoon said she should have me a
complete proposal later this week but
probably look at it closer to $250,000
for deberry's cost
putting all this together but I did want
to bring it to you so we could get
moving with this if we're going to do it
next summer we need to get plans
together so we can be bidding probably
in December to get contracts and
materials in place and this is going to
be part of the the 1% sales tax
right so I have a motion that we approve
duberry as the architectural service so
they can go ahead and get started I'll
make that motion I'll second it okay any
other any other questions by any of the
board members on
it okay roll call please Mr Burton hi Mr
Fitzgerald I Mr Henderson i m mck hi Mr
Ms yes Mr Moon hi Mr do
I next is a authorization for submission
of VD OE stronger connection Grant um
have a motion on
that y
need anybody need any information from
Mr Scott on it
if not we'll do a roll call Mr Burton I
Mr Fitzgerald I Mr Henderson i m marck
Mr Mills yes Mr Moon I Mr dolls I and
the final item is we need a for the
governor school we need a backup from Mr
Henderson um alternative in case he
cannot make the governor school
meeting um do I have a nominate Miss mer
Miss Merck second a motion for Miss mck
in second is there any
discussion roll call please Mr Burton Mr
Fitzgerald Mr Henderson I Mr Merck Mr Ms
yes Mr Moon I Mr dos i that's all I have
so I have a motion to adjourn I make a
motion we adjourn second second any a
roll call Mr Burton I Mr Fitzgerald Mr
Henderson hi M Merck Mr Mills yes Mr
Moon hi Mr doll all right thank all
y'all for coming out tonight we
appreciate it to you again I want to
thank